# Bank Institution Term Deposit Predictive Model
Week 6 Challenge 10 academy.This weeks challenge involves creating a bank model that can predict which future clients will subscribe to their term deposits.

# Overview
You successfully finished up to your rigorous job interview process with Bank of Portugal as a machine learning researcher. The investment and portfolio department would want to be able to identify their customers who potentially would subscribe to their term deposits. As there has been heightened interest of marketing managers to carefully tune their directed campaigns to the rigorous selection of contacts, the goal of your employer is to find a model that can predict which future clients who would subscribe to their term deposit. Having such an effective predictive model can help increase their campaign efficiency as they would be able to identify customers who would subscribe to their term deposit and thereby direct their marketing efforts to them. This would help them better manage their resources (e.g human effort, phone calls, time)
The Bank of Portugal, therefore, collected a huge amount of data that includes customers profiles of those who have to subscribe to term deposits and the ones who did not subscribe to a term deposit. As their newly employed machine learning researcher, they want you to come up with a robust predictive model that would help them identify customers who would or would not subscribe to their term deposit in the future.
Your main goal as a machine learning researcher is to carry out data exploration, data cleaning, feature extraction, and developing robust machine learning algorithms that would aid them in the department.
